This is an app I am designing and developing myself to aid me in making a meal plan on a week by week basis. This app is totally designed subjectively to my needs (by design), and not to fit a specific audience or demographic (outside of myself of course). The reasons being: If I cannot design an app that totally fits my needs, then I won't be able to design an app that fits someone elses needs. At least this is my hypothesis. I am also making this app to challenge myself: to design the UX and UI of the app, as well as developing the front-end and backend myself.

Sometime in the middle of July (2019), I was inspired to cut meat from my diet 100%. One of the hurdles I have / had is figuring out a meal plan that I can follow that doesn't consist of meat. I have been raised in a meat eating family who (mostly) shames vegetarianism and veganism. This has made it hard for me to condition myself to plan meals and recipes for dishes with no meat since, when I go out to eat or go grocery shopping, a big part of what I have been conditioned to look for is MEAT, MEAT, and more MEAT.

THe other problem I am trying to solve for myself is the act of actually planning out my meals, right down to whatever snacks I will be consuming for the day, and what time I am eating these meals and snacks. This is seperate from my diet, but is another problem I am trying to solve through this app. If I can plan out my meals, I can have a better understanding of what I need to buy at the grocery store to minimize the amount of money I am spending, as well as having a higher-level understanding of what I am choosing to consistently put in my body. 


